README.md, before:

 [![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.10206799.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.10206799)
 ![2024 Cover](./media/2024_AU-SSI_Probability_Slides.png)
 ![2023 Cover](./media/2023_AU-SSI_Probability_Slides.png)
 ![2022 Cover](./media/2022_AU-SSI_Probability_Slides.png)

 # Summer Science Institute at Auburn — Probability Module

 A collection of slides, code examples, and resources for the “Probability” topic presented by Le Chen at Auburn University's Summer Science Institute (SSI), 2022–2024.

 ## Table of Contents

 1. [What’s in this repo?](#whats-in-this-repo)
 2. [Repository Structure](#repository-structure)
 3. [Building the Slides](#building-the-slides)
 4. [Per-Year Materials](#per-year-materials)
 5. [Contributing](#contributing)
 6. [License](#license)

 ## What’s in this repo?

 - Slide decks (PDF & TeX source) for each year’s presentation.
 - Python code examples and simulation scripts.
 - Data files, figures, and photos used in demonstrations.
 - Documentation per year (Year_2022.md, Year_2023.md, Year_2024.md).

 ## Repository Structure

 ```
 .
 ├── 2022/              # materials for Year 2022
 │   ├── slides/        # TeX source, compiled PDF, and slide figures
 │   ├── code/          # Python scripts for demos and data generation
 │   └── data/          # CSV and other data files used in code
 ├── 2023/              # materials for Year 2023
 │   ├── slides/        # TeX source, compiled PDF, and slide figures
 │   ├── code/          # Python scripts and assets for simulations
 │   ├── figs/          # figures for slides
 │   └── photos/        # event photos and related assets
 ├── 2024/              # materials for Year 2024
 │   └── README.md      # overview and link to online slides
 ├── media/             # common assets (cover images)
 └── LICENSE            # CC-BY-SA-4.0 license
 ```

 ## Building the Slides

 **Dependencies:**
 - TeX Live (including LaTeX, Beamer, TikZ, etc.)
 - `latexmk` (recommended) or `pdflatex`

 **Compile commands:**
 ```bash
 # From the repository root, build each deck:
 cd 2022_slides
 latexmk -pdf 2022_AU-SSI_Invitation_Probability_Le.tex

 cd ../2023_slides
 latexmk -pdf 2023_AU-SSI_Probability_Le.tex

 # 2024 slides are hosted online; no local TeX source
 ```

 ## Per-Year Materials

### Year 2022
- **Slides:** `2022/slides/2022_AU-SSI_Invitation_Probability_Le.pdf`
- **Source:** in `2022/slides/`
- **Code:** `2022/code/`
- **Data:** `2022/data/`
- **Figures:** `2022/slides/figs/`
- **Overview:** [2022/](2022/)

### Year 2023
- **Slides:** `2023/slides/2023_AU-SSI_Probability_Le.pdf`
- **Source:** in `2023/slides/`
- **Code & assets:** `2023/code/`
- **Figures:** `2023/figs/`
- **Photos:** `2023/photos/`
- **Report:** `2023/slides/2023_SSI_Program_Report_Final.pdf`
- **Overview:** [2023/](2023/)

### Year 2024
- **Slides:** Hosted online at [webhome.auburn.edu/~lzc0090/AU-SSI_2024](http://webhome.auburn.edu/~lzc0090/AU-SSI_2024/#/)
- **Overview:** [2024/](2024/)

 ## Contributing

 Contributions (typo fixes, code enhancements, new demos) are welcome! Please see `CONTRIBUTING.md` for guidelines.

 ## License

 This repository is licensed under [CC-BY-SA-4.0](LICENSE). See the LICENSE file for full details.

Commit message:

refactor(Checking.py, GenDOB.py): replace sys.argv with argparse for better CLI handling
Switching from sys.argv to argparse improves command-line interface
handling by providing a more robust and user-friendly way to parse
arguments. This change allows for default values, help messages, and
more flexible argument parsing, enhancing the usability of the scripts.

docs: add README.md files for 2022 and 2023 code directories

Adding README.md files provides clear documentation for the scripts
contained in the 2022 and 2023 directories. This helps users understand
the purpose and usage of each script, as well as any dependencies
required, improving the overall accessibility and maintainability of
the codebase.

docs(README.md): update main README with setup instructions

Including setup instructions in the main README ensures that users
understand how to install necessary dependencies, facilitating a
smoother setup process for running simulations and plotting.

build: add requirements.txt for dependency management

Adding a requirements.txt file allows for easy installation of
necessary Python packages, ensuring that users can quickly set up
their environment with the correct dependencies for running the
simulation and plotting scripts.

README.md, after:

 [![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/10.5281/zenodo.10206799.svg)](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.10206799)
 ![2024 Cover](./media/2024_AU-SSI_Probability_Slides.png)
 ![2023 Cover](./media/2023_AU-SSI_Probability_Slides.png)
 ![2022 Cover](./media/2022_AU-SSI_Probability_Slides.png)

 # Summer Science Institute at Auburn — Probability Module

 A collection of slides, code examples, and resources for the “Probability” topic presented by Le Chen at Auburn University's Summer Science Institute (SSI), 2022–2024.

 ## Table of Contents

1. [What’s in this repo?](#whats-in-this-repo)
2. [Repository Structure](#repository-structure)
3. [Setup](#setup)
4. [Building the Slides](#building-the-slides)
5. [Per-Year Materials](#per-year-materials)
6. [Contributing](#contributing)
7. [License](#license)

## Setup

Install Python dependencies for simulation and plotting:
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
  
## What’s in this repo?
 - Slide decks (PDF & TeX source) for each year’s presentation.
 - Python code examples and simulation scripts.
 - Data files, figures, and photos used in demonstrations.
 - Documentation per year (Year_2022.md, Year_2023.md, Year_2024.md).

 ## Repository Structure

 ```
 .
 ├── 2022/              # materials for Year 2022
 │   ├── slides/        # TeX source, compiled PDF, and slide figures
 │   ├── code/          # Python scripts for demos and data generation
 │   └── data/          # CSV and other data files used in code
 ├── 2023/              # materials for Year 2023
 │   ├── slides/        # TeX source, compiled PDF, and slide figures
 │   ├── code/          # Python scripts and assets for simulations
 │   ├── figs/          # figures for slides
 │   └── photos/        # event photos and related assets
 ├── 2024/              # materials for Year 2024
 │   └── README.md      # overview and link to online slides
 ├── media/             # common assets (cover images)
 └── LICENSE            # CC-BY-SA-4.0 license
 ```

 ## Building the Slides

 **Dependencies:**
 - TeX Live (including LaTeX, Beamer, TikZ, etc.)
 - `latexmk` (recommended) or `pdflatex`

 **Compile commands:**
 ```bash
 # From the repository root, build each deck:
 cd 2022_slides
 latexmk -pdf 2022_AU-SSI_Invitation_Probability_Le.tex

 cd ../2023_slides
 latexmk -pdf 2023_AU-SSI_Probability_Le.tex

 # 2024 slides are hosted online; no local TeX source
 ```

 ## Per-Year Materials

### Year 2022
- **Slides:** `2022/slides/2022_AU-SSI_Invitation_Probability_Le.pdf`
- **Source:** in `2022/slides/`
- **Code:** `2022/code/`
- **Data:** `2022/data/`
- **Figures:** `2022/slides/figs/`
- **Overview:** [2022/](2022/)

### Year 2023
- **Slides:** `2023/slides/2023_AU-SSI_Probability_Le.pdf`
- **Source:** in `2023/slides/`
- **Code & assets:** `2023/code/`
- **Figures:** `2023/figs/`
- **Photos:** `2023/photos/`
- **Report:** `2023/slides/2023_SSI_Program_Report_Final.pdf`
- **Overview:** [2023/](2023/)

### Year 2024
- **Slides:** Hosted online at [webhome.auburn.edu/~lzc0090/AU-SSI_2024](http://webhome.auburn.edu/~lzc0090/AU-SSI_2024/#/)
- **Overview:** [2024/](2024/)

 ## Contributing

 Contributions (typo fixes, code enhancements, new demos) are welcome! Please see `CONTRIBUTING.md` for guidelines.

 ## License

 This repository is licensed under [CC-BY-SA-4.0](LICENSE). See the LICENSE file for full details.
